Add build scripts for single-command build and push for local and sagemaker GS images (#1103)
awslabs/graphstorm: docs/source/install/env-setup.rst

Build a GraphStorm Docker image from source code
.................................................

Set up AWS access
-----------------

To build and push the image to ECR we'll make use of the
``aws-cli`` and we'll need valid AWS credentials as well.

To install the AWS CLI you can use:

.. code-block:: bash

    curl "https://awscli.amazonaws.com/awscli-exe-linux-x86_64.zip" -o "awscliv2.zip"
    unzip awscliv2.zip
    sudo ./aws/install

To set up credentials for use with ``aws-cli`` see the
`AWS docs <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-files.html#cli-configure-files-examples>`_.

Your executing role should have full ECR access to be able to pull from ECR to build the image,
create an ECR repository if it doesn't exist, and push the GSProcessing image to the repository.

Building the GraphStorm images using Docker
-------------------------------------------

> With Docker installed, and your AWS credentials are set up,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Docker installed, and your AWS credentials set up,
```

you can use the provided scripts
in the ``graphstorm/docker`` directory to build the image.

GraphStorm supports Amazon SageMaker and EC2/local
execution environments, so we need to choose which image we want
to build first.

The ``build_graphstorm_image.sh`` script can build the image
locally and tag it. It only requires providing the intended execution environment,
using the ``-e/--environment`` argument. The supported environments
are ``sagemaker`` and ``local``.

For example, assuming our current directory is where

> we cloned ``graphstorm/``, we can use

Reviewer: Maybe we just add the command
```
git clone https://github.com/awslabs/graphstorm.git
cd graphstorm
```
before L158

> the following to build the local image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the following command to build the local image:
```

.. code-block:: bash

    bash docker/build_graphstorm_image.sh --environment local

The above will use the local Dockerfile for GraphStorm,
build an image and tag it as ``graphstorm:local-gpu``.

The script also supports other arguments to customize the image name,

> tag and other aspects of the build. See ``bash docker/build_graphstorm_image.sh --help``

Reviewer: I think we should list the command options here.

for more information.

For example you can build an image to support CPU-only execution using

.. code-block:: bash

    bash docker/build_graphstorm_image.sh --environment local --device cpu
    # Will build an image named 'graphstorm:local-cpu'

> Push the image to the Amazon Elastic Container Registry (ECR)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Push the image to Amazon Elastic Container Registry (ECR)
```

-------------------------------------------------------------

> Once the image is built we can use the ``push_graphstorm_image.sh`` script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the image is built we can use the ``push_graphstorm_image.sh`` script to push the image we just built.
```

> that will create an ECR repository if needed and push the image we just built.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script will create an ECR repository if needed.
```

The script again requires us to provide the intended execution environment using
the ``-e/--environment`` argument,
and by default will create a repository named ``graphstorm`` in the ``us-east-1`` region,
on the default AWS account ``aws-cli`` is configured for,
and push the image tagged as ``<environment>-<device>```.

In addition to ``-e/--environment``, the script supports several optional arguments, for a full list use

> ``bash push_graphstorm_image.sh --help``. We list the most important below:

Reviewer: Let's list all the arguments and make the most important ones at the front.
